. : S i l v e r  L o r d s : .  [silverlords@yahoo.com]
www.kernelnet.com > cracked by Mr[M]IIS SuXOur
message:
The Story of Kashmir:
(Please
read on if you want to comprehend and fathom the whole
story of  Kashmir...)
1947, when India was partitioned into two
and Pakistan was created, the people of Kashmir  - a
territory in between the borders of Pakistan and India
(officially known as Jammu and Kashmir) - demanded that
they be allowed to join Pakistan.  Since Kashmir was
a majority Muslim state, and since Pakistan was to become
a Muslim nation, it made sense.  Not to India
however.  India immediately dispatched troops all
over Kashmir to suppress the will and voice of the
Kashmiri people.  When the people of Kashmir
rebelled against this repression, India's first prime
minister Jawaharial Nehru promised the citizens of
Kashmir that they would choose their own fate.  Nehru
assured the Kashmiri people that they would be allowed to
do what they wanted.  Nehru claimed that the sole
criteria for Kashmir would be the "wishes of the
Kashmiri people."  But soon after United
Nations Resolutions were passed, Nehru flagrantly
violated his pledge by illegally passing laws that
incorporated the state of Jammu and Kashmir into the
Indian union, thus betraying the will of the Kashmiri
people that he had sworn to honor, and also
contradicting U.N. Security Council Resolutions that had
been passed before.  By taking advantage of a puppet
government in Kashmir, India made it appear so as
Kashmir was ready to join India, but the people of
Kashmir were never even consulted about this, nor were
they given a choice.  And so thus India
illegally occupied most of Kashmir for decades, and
persecuted, tortured, and made life excessively harsh for
the vast majority Muslim population of Kashmir...until
1989, when the people of Jammu and Kashmir rose up to
fight for freedom against an Indian oppressor, a country
that had for years denied them their rightful
independence.  The popular revolt for liberation
increased day by day in Kashmir, and when India realized
that the voice of the determined Kashmiri people could
not be silenced, it decided to significantly increase its
troop presence in the territories. 60,000 Indian Troops
were deployed in Indian-occupied Kashmir, the largest
troop presence in any area of the world.  In
order to destroy the Kashmiri freedom struggle once and
forever, the Indian army went on a rampage of destruction
in Kashmir, killing, raping, pillaging, looting,
torturing, and plundering the Kashmiri Muslims, and
continues to do that to this day.  Over 65,000
Kashmiris have been killed by the Indian force since
1989. Several thousands of young girls and women have
been raped, molested, and tortured. Hundreds of schools
and hospitals have been torched by the Indian Army, the
Kashmiri children, doctors, and patients, burned alive
with them. Harrassment, crack-downs, rape, torment,
indiscriminate murder, and arbitrary arrests are a few of
the harsh everyday affairs which the Kashmiri people are
victim to by the Indian Army. This same kind of stuff
happens everyday to the Palestinians as well by the
Israeli army, as well as to the Chechen people at the
hands of corrupted Russian soldiers.
The struggle for Kashmiri freedom in 2001
has now entered its 12th year...And this is why we're
hacking.  And this is why Gforce and Dr. Nuker are
hacking.  If we can save even one life by creating
awareness in the world, then our mission has succeeded...
Indian
war crimes and mass human rights violations in Kashmir:
This little child was wounded when
Indian forces attacked his school and beat him
severely...Indian forces have demolished and
burned down over a hundred schools and hospitals
in Kashmir, wiping away not only the
architecture, but also destroying the hopes and
dreams of thousands of children and people
inside.
And the innocent children in this
picture?...Indian forces have destroyed their
school, their homes, and their families.
What do they have left...but to fight?  Do
these children look like "Islamic
terrorists" or "extremist
militants"?  By all means no, but India
has torn apart their hearts and their hope...When
these children grow up, those elite experts who
take it upon themselves to define history will
call these children "rebels" or
"militants"...But no, they are freedom
fighters, battling against an Indian aggressor
that has ruined their life, desecrated upon their
childhood humanity, and has deprived them of even
the basic rights of living.
The price of
freedom in Kashmir...The Indian security forces have
butchered and tortured well over 60,000 Kashmiris since
1989...Why?  Because they fought for their freedom.
Indian soldiers abuse an innocent Kashmiri
in the middle of the street.  Nothing new.  It
happens everyday in Indian-held Kashmir.
STOP THE INDIAN GENOCIDE AGAINST THE PEOPLE
OF KASHMIR.  FREE KASHMIR, PALESTINE, CHECHNYA,
KOSOVA, AND BOSNIA.  END THE INJUST U.N. SANCTIONS
ON IRAQ.
GreetZ:
[RaFa]
- f0ul - WFD - Devil Soul - WoH
- BHS - hax0rs Lab - MNS - ELITE BOYS - Anarchy
Control - Digital WrapperZ - TheBuGz - invisibl3
- FRITS - losjack
Dead-Socket - [rEd_SigN] - Butcher - L1p3 -
Miller - EvilRoot - LucTera - Sebek - sniper - Dropper
- a-ngelz - impee - Net--Core - drcool - dawgyg
Anjos Do Caos - M3ph1sTO - Sh4p3r
- psy]X[ - S3lf - w1ck3dm1nd - d4rk_v3nOn - forum.hacker.com.br - and all I don't remember!
#silverlords